before you start spending tons and tons
of money on marketing
understand you need to understand where
your idle customers hang out
so for example if you are listening to
this in your business owner
and you're in the b2b space the chances
are your idle prospects are gonna be
hanging out on linkedin
so it's gonna be worthwhile you're
actually creating decent content
building up the connection connections
there
and reaching out to potential customers
um you're gonna need a website of course
to showcase your wares
and you're gonna want to look at seo as
a long-term strategy
to drive organic searches get yourself
to the top of google
and drive a steady flow of inquiries
long term
and you're probably gonna depending on
the budget you've actually got you're
probably gonna want to look at some form
of paid advertising
um whether that's google not so much
facebook social wise if if you're in the
b2b space so it's actually a setting
where do my customers hang out
what platforms are they actually going
to be on so if like i say b2b it's going
to be linked in it's going to be seo
there's going to be some other channels
and understanding where you can actually
put your resources so whilst we run a
podcast whilst we do a lot of seo we do
a lot of paid ads we do a lot of
linkedin
we've got a small to medium sized team
so we can do that then understand
understanding the size of your company
which channels actually
make sense to invest in so things like
paid ads can get you really fast traffic
so if you've got a bit of a budget yes
pump some money in there to start
getting traffic to your website
and getting some leads and then
understanding resource wise what you can
set up have i got time to set up a
podcast have i got the resources to do
seo you probably want to do that long
term
can i do a little bit on linkedin um can
i start building an email list so
understanding the resources you can
actually assign
to where your to the channels that most
importantly your customers on